COMPILE statement:

gfortran make_pimd_input.F -o make_pimd_input.out  -O3 -ffree-form


The program make_pimd_input.F creates the neccessary structure(xyz), connectivity(psf), and
force-field potential (pot) files needed to run a cp2k/PI-Ext simulation.

1. xyz: It generates a single xyz file where the N beads are placed at a random disbriution around the positions
indicated by the structure.xyz file. 

2. psf: A separate psf file for each molecule with the PI is created. It generates psf files that start with rp-*

3. ff_pot: A file (named FF_RP_file.pot) is a file that defines the potential 
interactions between the beads. The program currently will define a RP-classical interaction 
between all specified atoms and all bead types. 



INPUT:
1. An xyz file that either contains only the RP molecules or lists the RP molecules first (called structure.xyz).
2. A file called rp_molecule_info.inp set up as follows:
	total number of RP molecules
		---following block is repeated number of RP times
	number of atoms in molecule       number of times this molecule shows up in xyz file	psf_file
	number of beads on each atom in order of xyz file	mass of bead used in kinetic term (which can be different than "actual" mass for PIMD runs)

	For example: a simulation of 2 water molecules (with 2 beads on O, 4 beads on H1, 
		and 8 beads on H2) and 1 AR molecule would have the following input.

		3
		3	2	water.psf
			2	7.99
			4	0.251975
			8	0.1259875
		1	1	argon.psf
			8	4.9935

3. A file called FF_info.inp. Contains the bonded and nonbonded interactions between the RP molecules. Structure is explained in the FF_info.inp example given.
	BOND no. of bonds
	atom1	atom2	k	units_k	r0	units_r0
	
	BEND	no. of bends
	atom1	atom2	atom3	k	units-k	theta_0	units_theta

	LJ	no. of lj defined
	atom	eps	units_eps	sigma	units_sigma	rcut-off 


OUTPUT:
	RP_FF_nonbond.pot: CP2K force-field file that describes the LJ interactions for PI and PI-classical atoms in the system.
	RP_FF_bond.pot: CP2K force-field file that describes the bonded interactions for PI atoms and PI-classical atoms in the system.
 	RP_structure.xyz: xyz structure file which lists positions of all PI beads and classical atoms in system
	RP_molset.pot: a "molset" file (cp2k format) that describes the topology of the system when combined with PSF files
	RP_type.pot: CP2K file that defines the atom types for the PIs
	rp-1-water.psf: The psf file that describes the PI water topology. All PI beads are shown in the psf file. Specific
		formats for the molecule name, atom name, and atom type are required for MixPI. The molecule name (column 2) must start with RP. Atom name 
		(column 5) is an atom identifier and the bead number. The atom type (column 6) is the force-field type and is
		the number of PI beads combined with an atomic label. Column 7 is the charge on each bead (the total atomic charge 
		divided by the number of beads). Column 8 is the mass (which, for our PI treatment, should always be the atomic mass divide by the number of beads.

ADDITIONAL FILES: An example cp2k.inp file is also included in this directory which links the both files together. As a note, this is just one way to organize the input files.
In general, this information could be specific in multiple ways to obtain the same result. 

Copy all files that start with RP* or rp* into the run directory. 
